DOCS-1247-PGD-6.0-Docs (#6763)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/6/reference/upgrade.mdx

---
title: Upgrading
navTitle: Upgrades
---

## Upgrading to EDB Postgres Distributed 6

> You cannot upgrade to EDB Postgres Distributed 6.0.0 from any earlier version of EDB Postgres Distributed 5.x or earlier. This will be possible in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't upgrade to EDB Postgres Distributed 6.0.0 from EDB Postgres Distributed 5.x or earlier. This upgrade will be possible in a future release.
```
